that is honourable senators , past is it here , last Tuesday ?
a selection committee was achievement .
yesterday I attended on the first committee meeting of this .
and I surprised to what the committee admits that it does knew what too make independent senators .
what will not so concern for the time .
the members of the selection committee can show some impact .
on the business which a senator reshape in the next two years .
it is important , since of a committee , in principle , these nine senators committee determine at what some sit senators .
therefore I am the sitting introduced in of the committee of yesterday to realize that one of the nine not attend senators .
it had sent a replacement .
i do honourable name senators , person .
you see how now to , friendly i am did it not ?
the senators will have to research who their own fault . find was in
when a a person , must accept the work do it .
the women who sit on the Senate have proven .
they remplissaient much more their duty that the majority of the men to the Senate .
i remember that of the the sessions held to the committee of veterans in February 1998 .
the Senate Ni neither the of Commons sitting to do this House time .
three senators saw Liberals to proceedings , all of the committee of women .
the leaders of the Senate did could find a man this to committee .
i could cite word by word , , what the hon. senator Carstairs it replied to that the question I asked .
I asked : " were meant Quels ? " the criteria
it has said that it was the first to address the representation of women in a report .
that it had on the associations drafted parliamentarians in 1993 .
the time to Les delegations formées men were only from .
in that I remember that I was replaced by Senator during Finestone few years .
however , I still look the opportunity to my association re - enter preferred .
i honourable senators , do not know how when the House or will be decision at the about these two reports .
every time that the senators are in the verdict television .
wondered or by a group of students , to journalists or other .
do we say that ?
this is true , and I will believe .
however , it is in the should bring facts .
i do not believe in the replacing .
if a position accept a senator in a committee or it should , it all the meetings participate in intended .
we are not the members in which we say : the corridors
" Présentez do you to committee today and , after two years of student , there is a final in committee vote '' .
they do not even know what they are viewed , but they came to sang sang when their leaders to them .
they do absolutely not know what has happened .
the words " honourable senators , " and " continuité dedication '' , come in in the way our speech .
in the next two weeks , beginning to reflect for how we will address the situation independent from senators .
if we are not non - my own committee , I créerai of parliamentarians who are concerned international for business .
we cannot person in gained .
the Speaker : his Honour
if no other hon. senator do wishes to speak , you please , senators honourable is it , to adopt the motion ?
members of the :
in agreement .
( the motion agreed , and the report is passed )
